Question: What services does Indigenous Student Services (ISS) offer at Mohawk College?​

Answer: ISS provides a range of services, including cultural awareness activities, peer tutoring, workshops, access to Elders, and a dedicated lounge for Indigenous students. ​


Question: How can I contact Indigenous Student Services for general inquiries?​

Answer: For general questions, email iess@mohawkcollege.ca. ​


Question: What cultural activities are available through Indigenous Student Services?​
Mohawk College

Answer: ISS hosts cultural awareness activities and workshops, including guest speakers, crafts, and access to Elders. ​


Question: Is there a peer tutoring program for Indigenous students at Mohawk College?​


Answer: Yes, Indigenous students can access free peer tutoring and also have opportunities to work as tutors. ​

Question: Who can I contact for more information about Indigenous peer tutoring?​


Answer: Contact Amanda Aitchison at amanda.aitchison2@mohawkcollege.ca or 905-575-1212 ext. 4318. ​


Question: What support do Indigenous Student Services Coaches provide?​


Answer: Coaches assist with study skills, time management, resume writing, interviewing skills, cultural enhancement, and exploration. ​


Question: How can I contact the Indigenous Student Services Coach at the Fennell Campus?​


Answer: Reach out to Caroline Hill at caroline.hill1@mohawkcollege.ca or 905-575-1212 ext. 3750. ​


Question: Is there a dedicated space for Indigenous students at Mohawk College?​

Answer: Yes, the Indigenous Centre & Lounge in Room A114 at Fennell Campus offers a comfortable environment for Indigenous students to meet, socialize, and study. ​

Question: What are the lounge hours for the Indigenous Centre at Fennell Campus?​


Answer: The lounge is open Monday to Friday, 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. ​


Question: How can I access Indigenous counselling services at Mohawk College?​

Answer: Contact Elizabeth Gray, the Indigenous Counsellor, at elizabeth.gray1@mohawkcollege.ca. ​


Question: What is the Facilitated Admissions Process for Indigenous students?​


Answer: This process provides individual consideration to Indigenous students applying to oversubscribed programs at Mohawk College. ​


Question: How can I self-identify as an Indigenous student at Mohawk College?​


Answer: Log into MyMohawk, click on the Registration page, and scroll to the Indigenous Students section to access the self-identification form. ​


Question: How can I stay informed about activities and events offered by Indigenous Student Services?​


Answer: Self-identified Indigenous students can opt-in to receive monthly newsletters with information on upcoming events, workshops, and bursary opportunities. ​


Question: Does Mohawk College offer awards specifically for Indigenous students?​

Answer: Yes, there are Indigenous Student Awards (FNMI) available. ​


Question: Where can I find information about the Indigenous Gathering Place at Mohawk College?​

Answer: Information about the Indigenous Gathering Place is available on the "Our Spaces" page of the Indigenous Student Services section. ​


Question: How can I book the Indigenous Student Services boardroom for a meeting?​


Answer: You can book the boardroom through the "Our Spaces" section on the Indigenous Student Services website. ​


Question: Who can I contact for assistance with college admissions and program information as an Indigenous student?​

Answer: Abbey Daniel, the Indigenous Outreach & Education Advisor, can assist with admissions and program information. ​


Question: What support is available for Indigenous students at satellite campuses?​

Answer: Tanya Jacobs, the Indigenous Student Services Coach for Satellite Campuses, provides support and has a rotating schedule. ​


Question: How can I connect with the Indigenous Awareness Programmer at Mohawk College?​


Answer: Contact Erika Corbiere at erika.corbiere@mohawkcollege.ca or 365-227-0800. ​


Question: Are there any student success workshops available for Indigenous students?​


Answer: Yes, ISS offers workshops on topics like study skills, time management, resume writing, and cultural enhancement. ​
Mohawk College